1.DOM Updation-----

First things first, DOM stands for “Document Object Model”. The DOM in simple words represents the UI of your application. 
Everytime there is a change in the state of your application UI, the DOM gets updated to represent that change. 
Now the catch is frequently manipulating the DOM affects performance, making it slow.

The DOM is represented as a tree data structure. Because of that, the changes and updates to the DOM are fast. But after the change, 
the updated element and it’s children have to be re-rendered to update the application UI. 
The re-rendering or re-painting of the UI is what makes it slow. Therefore, the more UI components you have, the more expensive the DOM updates could be, 
since they would need to be re-rendered for every DOM update.

Virtual DOM
That’s where the concept of virtual DOM comes in and performs significantly better than the real DOM.
 The virtual DOM is only a virtual representation of the DOM. Everytime the state of our application changes, the virtual DOM gets updated instead of the real DOM.
 

 
When new elements are added to the UI, a virtual DOM, which is represented as a tree is created. 
Each element is a node on this tree. If the state of any of these elements changes, a new virtual DOM tree is created. 
This tree is then compared or “diffed” with the previous virtual DOM tree.

Once this is done, the virtual DOM calculates the best possible method to make these changes to the real DOM. 
This ensures that there are minimal operations on the real DOM. Hence, reducing the performance cost of updating the real DOM.


2.DIFFEENECE BETWEEN WEB PAGE AND WEB APPLICATION

 
WEB PAGE--------
 
A website is a group of globally accessible, interlinked web pages which have a single domain name.
 It can be developed and maintained by an individual, business or organization. The website aims to serve a variety of purposes.
A website is hosted on a single or multiple web server. It is accessible via a network like the Internet or a private local area network via IP address.

WEB APPLICATION----

A web application is a software or program which is accessible using any web browser.
 Its frontend is usually created using languages like HTML, CSS, Javascript, which are supported by major browsers.
 While the backend could use any programming stack like LAMP, MEAN, etc. Unlike mobile apps, there is no specific SDK for developing web applications.


3.Inline we use in both C++ and Javascript.



